The first thing I must say is that I do not know Geova and that therefore I do not know the depth of his belief system.
However, professionally I have had the opportunity to know and work with the responsibility of the confession in Spain
and since then the relationship could not be better.
Of course, my opinion in that sense has always been to meet me with a group of people.
Very friendly and well, and that they have never given us from then on what is the job,
we have not had any difficulty to be able to work, to be able to relate to them.
Well, I think that if the only extreme thing that I have seen from then on,
in people I have been able to relate to, that is his amability and his education.
In absolute, I have seen activities that could be far from considered as extremists.
In Spain, in fact, their situation is more than consolidated since many years ago,
they have recognized a peculiar situation, as is the recognition of the Reigo Notorious in Spain,
that gives them access to a more favorable legal regime, precisely because of that condition,
among which we can highlight the fact that they can celebrate religious matrimony with effective civilians,
that is to say that the state has in that sense maintained a relationship of trust with the confession
and from the point of view of where I can know, or I can know, have not been produced,
whether they are penal, or penal actions, or denunciations, respect the confession,
in terms of the realization of activities that could be considered as extremists or illicit in our country.
Well, because of the international standards that are established in these same conventions,
to which we have made mention, and especially the jurisprudence, especially the European human rights
that has been occasionally pronounced on the right of religious freedom
and, in particular, has already had a chance to pronounce, in terms of what affected the Russian respect of many other confessions,
but also of the texts of Jehovah.
Well, from the sentence with Nesof, in the year 97, the last sentence of the year 2014,
passing through the 2010 sentence, which was precisely precisely to the prohibition
of the C of the Jews of Mosque.
Well, in those sentences, specifically, the European Tribunal,
established at least two principles, which should have been, as a parameter,
at the time of solving this issue, which affects, specifically, the prohibition of the activities of the confession.
And what would be, first, that the state of being neutral and impartial front to religious beliefs?
And second, that as a consequence of this, the citizens in the collective dimension,
in the collective exercise of their right, have guaranteed that the state will not ingest,
in a way illicit, or in a way arbitrary, in its activities.
That is, the principle of neutrality guarantees the separation of what is the state,
what is the phenomenon of religion, what are the laws or religions in general?
Separation that implies autonomy for the religious concessions,
does not ingest by part of the state of its internal organization or its activities.
Well, I think that the reaction should be the one that has already been produced in some forums,
which is how we are seeing it.
There has been a specific manifestation of the IHF,
the IHF, where specifically is considered the application of this normative of this legislation
for the prevention of extremist activities, which is thought to be a context
that nothing has to do with the activities of religious entities, such as commotals.
Well, the dangers that can attract the excessive application,
we could say, of this legislation, which has, as we said before,
to apply this normative to any kind of beliefs that could be considered
for any reason to be considered extremist.
In fact, in 2010, when in the European Union of Human Rights,
it was pronounced on the subject of the co-creation of the Moscow regime
and it was considered that the events that had motivated the prohibition
of this entity were arbitrary and we are not sufficiently justified.
It is insisted again to take the prohibition to limits that happen
with a lot of the normative in which it is thought,
in which it is thought, originally,
and therefore, the reaction of the international organizations
and democratic states should be the defense of religious freedom
of all citizens in this case, also of the Russian citizens.